we have a new student with us she just
moved here from Africa welcome I'm from
Michigan
great I'm sixteen until today
I was home-schooled and then it was
goodbye Africa and hello high school hi
I'm Katie
I'm Genesis Damien Oh Joe you're me
coming through this map shows the school
central nervous system but the cafeteria
you got your cool Asians earn ounce
jocks the greatest people you will ever
meet and the worst so you've never been
to a real school before shut up shut up
and say anything plastics or the
plastics 13 oil tea that's Karen Smith
she is one of his dumbest girls you'll
ever meet what kind of psychic really
like I have ESPN or something Gretchen
weiners she has two Fendi purses and his
lover Alexis and evil takes a human form
in Regina George she knows everything
about everyone
that's why her hair is so big it's
secrets what you want to invite you to
have lunch with us Regina seems sweet
get in loser we're going shopping your
house is really nice I know right being
with the plastics was like leaving the
actual world
and entering girl world have you seen
you guys let you think you're cute yet
there's this guy in my calculus class
his name's Aaron Samuel
no no Regina's ex-boyfriend
ex-boyfriends are off-limits I mean
that's just like the rules of feminism
rich and told me that you like Aaron
Samuels I could talk to him for you if
you want really you would do that why
would she do that she's a life ruiner I
knew how this would be settled in the
animal world but this was girl world all
the fighting had to be sneaky
I want to lose three pounds throw these
nutrition bars my mom uses lose weight
five you could try stairs why are you
eating a call teen bar that's making me
like crazy
[Music]
I'm sorry I laughed at you I'm sorry I
called you fat I'm sorry that people are
so jealous of me
but I can't help it that I'm popular
[Music]
you know I was looking fine tonight
stepmum sakowski he's your cousin
what he's a good kisser